hi everyone here has helped
beauty dot com
Today I promise to make a video as well.
I will not be gesticulating quickly.
and moving like crazy behave a lot
well then the tip today is one in
an excellent tip that will make the
your enamel will last much longer without
sugar
An excellent tip I 've ever experienced
I okay, I already teach you. It's okay.
It was even a hint of a
pb reading and when I saw I wanted to
go crazy to be able to experience told
Guys, it 's all right.
very strange and I already tried
sometimes it works and I guarantee that
You'll continue quite a lot, I am.
that kind of person who passes enamel
Enamel already come out is one is simply
Stunning enamel does not stop at my
nail dishwasher I would flush the toilet
a house also teachers came in
wanting the same glaze frame
so one day sometimes a few hours
then ax of the castle deputy
if you think so too, you are
great
I think I'm using this new
chanel
he can bid on the camera - he
is my port the color nor does it have black with a
a little gold and gray
black but being presented with glitter
very fine gold and is called a recall
and I do not know that we glaze
chanel
For me, the more yellow chips
honestly I do not see anything too not
I recommend the window glazes and the
formula depends on the wedge I already had
experience of things that were a little
better but this one in case I passed
and the meat has started and it's already gone
chipped here in mine, not the end
I decided to do it now in front of the
camera that you but at last we chanel
that is the hill and then but this
helps increase the lives of your
motes is to get him in draft and
that lasts a lot more boots will need
are two ingredients two things ne
in case this one is a shine a top
normal ok coat and glue super bonder
more liquid , preferably
can be considered normal
in the case here it is more general
fulfilled and come but the same thing
about rooney
so what to do with that you can see
Here're less than half just under
half
the topic is a glow that goes
simply to baptize this glow with
super simple and so it goes really
The grommet is not very much measured.
in case you can put more super
small bonder you can put more
you prefer
the more so with the glue the Grossinho
Your brilliance does not play out better.
so you do this puts a whole glass
super bonder within the small bottle of much
paste
so if you think it got too much
thick and when it will really harden
a little more however is putting more
a little sparkle without being baptized and
ready you can use it normally and there
You're going to pick up this baptized topic.
usually and then you can
let it dry a little bit but soon
followed to finish
you will pass
a blinking brightness a topic is no longer
baptized the same only for the nail becomes
and much more lisinha're finalizing all
ready
after doing this to your manicure and
homemade gel is ready finished this
even ensures that your manicure will now
lasting a week or even longer until two
weeks depending on what you do in the
a person like me who uses his hands a lot
wash your face harder a week without
to peel
is this works even in homemade algiers
a good gambiarra that will save your
manicure and I 'm going to stay here
A kiss, bye.